C++ has a rich set of operators they can be used to build up expressions.
Most of the C++ operators are binary operators which means they operate on two operands.
For example the multiplication operator.
However some are you know three operators which means they operate on only one operand.
An example of this is the unitary minus operator which simply negates its operand.
There's even a turn every operator that operates on three operands.
This is the conditional operator the C plus plus common operators can be grouped into several categories.
Assignment operators are used to modify the value of some object by assigning a new value to it.
Arithmetic operators are used to perform mathematical operations on operands the increment and decrement
operators are interesting because part of them worked like an assignment and part of them worked like
arithmetic.
They're super useful and very commonly used relational operators or comparison operators allow you to
compare the values of two objects.
These are very useful and include equal to not equal to less than greater than and so forth the logical
operators are used to test for logical or boolean conditions.
For example if you want to execute a specific statement only when the temperature is less than freezing
and it isn't snowing.
These include the logical not and and or operators.
There are also several member access operators.
We've already seen one of them.
Remember the array subscript OPERATOR It allows access to a specific member.
There are others that work with objects and pointers which we'll cover later in this course.
Finally there's the other category.
This includes those operators that really don't fit very well into the previous categories.
And the next several videos we'll head over to code like and see some examples of these operators in
live code.